On a cold December morning, an everyday player wakes up and goes through their morning routine. It's Saturday, a week before Christmas, and the player looks at the Christmas tree in the distance. It's from the old hag across the neighborhood, and though most elderly people here love the decorative tree, it's old-fashioned and used up. The player is thinking of becoming a Santa themselves, making the younger people happy since the elderly are lacking love for the younger. They go to the store and get food and toys for the younger kids.

As they are coming home, they hear a honking car and a big bang. They look out the window and see two cars have crashed into each other - one car and a tanker. The tanker is leaking an unknown fluid and the car driver is dead. There doesn't seem to be anyone in the tanker, but there is an unknown bystander - a homeless person with a Christmas hat. The mess is cleaned up and the body is buried near the tree as a memorial to the incident. It was the old hag, who no one appreciated.

Days pass in black and sadness. The player decides to put down gifts for everyone, including the old hag. Later that night, on Christmas Eve, everyone but a handful of people show up. The tree becomes more lively and taken care of. It's much more colorful and the candles are all lit.

Everyone is amazed by the tree, so much so that some of them don't notice that people are missing. Kids are playing on the sleds and the tree is shimmering in the distance, the Christmas balls are shiny.

Suddenly, the homeless person shows up and stands watching the grave of the old hag. They begin to laugh and start to dig a kid-sized hole. The tree begins to shake off its snow and everyone becomes suspicious. They quickly unpack their gifts and go inside. The homeless person takes the gift of the old hag, a ruined and gray Santa costume. They also steal the sled of a child and leave. The player must decide whether to chase after them or help the villagers remove the broken branches.

As a private investigator for a local police station, you are assigned to solve the case of the missing Christmas children. Every year, children from all kinds of families go missing on Christmas. You try to collect as much information as you can from the families and neighbors, but you are unable to find any fingerprints or DNA samples. The kidnapper is a master at their art, having kidnapped many children without leaving any evidence behind. Even the people they were last seen with were their own families.

The officer notices that you aren't making any progress on the case, so they set it aside as a cold case. But you are determined to find the culprit and why they are doing this, so you continue the investigation in your spare time. Just in case, you put a tracker and body cam on your son's clothes to keep him safe. Your son is young, having only been in school for two years. You always bring him to and from school to make sure he is safe and it makes him very happy to see you.

As a skeptic, you have always been interested in the paranormal, but you have never been able to prove its existence. You don't believe in voodoo or fortune tellers, but you do believe in ghosts and monsters. Your partner always thinks you're crazy for believing in ghosts, and sometimes you think so too. But you always find a reason to keep believing.

On Christmas Eve, you come home from work and notice that your child has moved to a faraway location. The body cam has somehow been disabled, but the tracker shows